feat(tag): 🚀 add new prop ellipsis for large texts on tag (#646)
gympass/yoga: packages/doc/content/components/components/tag/default-web.mdx

);
```

### Ellipsis

> The tag component can recieve a ellipsis prop that will put a ellipsis (...) if is a large text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tag component can receive an ellipsis prop that will add "..." if is a large text.
```
